welcome to four crammed
this is the 2011 asgardian debut
directed by kenneth branagh
that introduced us to our first gods of
the mcu
and of course fan favorite loki let's go
down in new mexico a team of late-night
astrophysicists with supermodel looks
and stellan skarsgard suddenly find
themselves next to an unusual scientific
event
before hitting someone with their van
but let's go back
a lot long long ago vikings were cool
with the idea that we're not alone out
there and that we were all saved from a
frost giant invasion by the asgardians
powerful alien races lost to norse
mythology
sir anthony odin drove them back to
their own home world before nabbing the
source of their power and returning home
victorious to the eternal realm of
asgard he has two sons four and loki
both born to be kings even if only one
of them will actually take the throne
and
that's golden boy who in modern day is
about to be proclaimed the new ruler bad
luck even if he's an overly cocky
showboater who's been entrusted with the
mighty hammer mjolnir but
down in the storeroom frosty trouble is
brewing as a few giants have snuck in to
retrieve their relic however the
destroyer's security system is pretty
legit
but having ruined his coronation four
would like to go on a revenge holiday to
the ice realm
and although odin forbids a military
incursion on foreign soil
loki hits him with a little reverse
psychology to trigger an off the books
dick swinging mission into yodenheim
with his crew
valstag fandral hogan and sith don't
worry about remembering their names so
they hit the rainbow bridge over to
heimdall a rather serious asgardian who
usually
sees all and is worth remembering but
beams them over by opening the bifrost
in short bursts
so that the teleporting ray beam doesn't
end up destroying stuff
so traveling for tundra they fall under
the gaze of king luffy
who literally tells them they have a
traitor and points out they're about to
break odin's thousand-year truce while
being outnumbered but
temper is temper and a fight kicks off
anyway four has his godlike power and
magic hammer while loki uses trickery to
deal with his opponents
but touch of a giant is burning cold but
oddly loki reacts by turning a little
blue himself
before robin hood takes a wound and the
team decide to fall back
despite the amount of fun that four is
having by killing the indigenous
population in the conflict he provoked
before taking out a rancor
odin beams down in full glory to
apologize for the actions of a boy but
the piece is now broken and he drags
everyone home where a big argument
breaks out
and after some harsh words odin declares
him unworthy
and strips some of his powers before
casting him out
although he does also chuck in mjolnir
that can only be used by someone who's
worthy which is where we find him hit by
jane foster on earth where he gets the
bonus welcome of being tasered
tranquilized in a bummered hospital
and then hit by jane again once he
escapes meanwhile having landed
separately that unliftable hammer is
becoming a local attraction
and stan lee confirms that it just won't
budge putting it on agent coulson's
radar four gives a gratuitous body shot
so that jane can explain she's single
but on asgard for rest of the crew
realize that loki is the jealous type
and start to wonder if he had the skills
needed to sneak those frost giants in
to mess with the coronation loki in the
meantime confronts odin as to why he's
been turning blue and discovers the
all-father kidnapped king laffy's
abandoned son back at the end of a war
for a dream of uniting for two races but
loki doesn't appreciate an entire
lifetime of deception about being the
very monster he grew to hate
and so odin just pieces out mid-argument
into a great odin sleep to avoid dealing
with the kids right now
so loki just assumes for throne and
makes it clear that he might be a dick
ruler
who has no interest in allowing four to
return making it pretty clear where
everyone stands
shield has gotten up to the old
government special of confiscating
everybody's stuff following the
independent fought alarm regarding the
scientific possibility of
aliens so pissed off and wanting her
life's research back
jane gives four a lift to the shield
base that's popped up around the hammer
agent sitwell is running for night shift
but four sneaks in by beating people up
and setting off the alarms while special
agent hawkeye targets from a high
vantage point
and reports directly to coulson who lets
things play out just in case anything
interesting happens
but four is not worthy and feeling truly
abandoned gets taken into custody
as heimdall watches on so colson runs a
little bit of interrogation but then
loki appears on earth to tell
four that their father is dead and of it
he's been banished forever in order to
maintain peace with yodenheim crushing
the last of his brother who repents his
arrogant
actions he also tries a cheeky tug on
the hammer but who's he kidding jane
foster and co think there might be some
truth to four stories so selvig turns up
to claim him
saying he's a steroid-using scientist
who's just having a bit of a mental
breakdown and agent coulson again
just lets things play out so if nothing
else to do the lads just get really
drunk and four has to bring selvik home
to the trailer he and jane share a
moment and head to a rooftop to gaze
into the fire where he describes the
link between the near magical powers of
his people
and the known science and history of
earth loki however has gone totally off
the books and visits yodenheim
solo to offer king laufey the chance to
enter asgard under his concealment
to kill odin in his sleep securing him
as a permanent king
heimdall doesn't appreciate but there's
someone who can travel around
concealed from his eternal gaze but for
now he's bound by his oath to serve
the backup dancers however decide they
need to get their prints back
defying royal decree heimdall can see
their plot but lets them go and get some
answers doing what he cannot by oath
so off they go to earth without
permission and also grabbing the
attention of shield they might look like
a bunch of cosplayers
but everyone is happy to reunite
revealing loki's lie about odin and
exposing his treachery
so in a desperate play loki sends the
destroyer security drone to go
down and eradicate everyone and this
prompts even heimdall to step up to the
god of mischief but the trickster has
that sub-zero bloodline and freezes him
into lockdown for now the asgard drone
makes it to new mexico
looking like an off-brand iron suit
until it starts blowing things up with a
furnace
beam it's heading for town so our team
gets everyone to evacuate
while siff and the cosplayers free keep
it distracted with a little bit of man
tennis these warriors do know their
stuff
but as guardian technology is almost
magical and the destroyer keeps going
laying the town to waste under loki's
remote command
four can see that it's hopeless this way
and sends his friends back
telling them he has a plan but the truth
is that in his mortal human state
boar is ready to die and asks only that
after loki has had his vengeance and
kills him but he let everyone else
in the town live and so he takes a
mortal blow for the safety of jane and
the others
willingly sacrificing his life for the
people and
in that moment the scales are tipped as
the all-father senses from within his
odin's sleep
verhammer mjolnir now judges him to be
worthy
and rockets across 50 miles of new
mexico in moments
to return the asgardian to his title and
power
and so the god of thunder whips up a
storm bats away the devastator beams
and blows it wide open saving the town
jane gets a boner and four tells agent
coulson to give them all their stuff
back loki however is in the process of
letting the frost giants in to murder
their father and heimdall hearing four's
call
breaks through the ice to slay the enemy
and open the bifrost with the last of
his strength four
promises that he'll be back for jane but
for now he's got some family to deal
with
the frost giants enter odin's chambers
to gloat over his helpless sleeping form
but in the moment of glory lauffy is
killed by loki
who has actually set the whole thing up
to look like the good guy
but four arrives to let their mother
know just exactly what's going on
loki gets the drop and opens the bifrost
on yodenheim
locking the beam in place that's causing
the energy to build up and start to tear
the planet apart
denying his own genetic heritage and
committing genocide in order to prove
himself to father
ford doesn't want to fight his brother
but for god's madness leaves him no
choice
and a little goading about jane foster
said female 4 has strength but
loki has technique and their fight
blasts them out onto the rainbow bridge
where trickery and cunning gets the
better of the god of thunder
but his power is returned and so ford
just kind of bookmarks his brother for
later
while he tries to close for bifrost but
it's been open for too long
and can't be shut down and so instead he
destroys the rainbow bridge
isolating asgard and breaking his
promise to jane for the sake of saving
an enemy nation a sacrifice that wakes
the all-father from his slumber who
arrives to save them both
from tumbling into the abyss but loki
seeing the rejection
in odin's eyes lets himself fall and
orphan prince with no true family and as
if waking from a dream
jane is left back on earth oh my god
and so in the kingdom of asgard friends
celebrate the return of odin from his
slumber
and four as for god of thunder but now a
kinder god who mourns for loki
he knows he is not yet fit to rule in
odin's place with much to learn
but earth is not lost to them for good
as heimdall can see that
jane has not given up her search for him
and as dr selvig is quietly taken in by
nick fury and shield
to work on a mysterious power source it
would seem that loki still has a part to
play
in everyone's fate after all so
thanks a lot for watching guys and
hitting that subscribe button to help
the channel grow i keep reading all your
comments and i
really appreciate it and of course i
hope you've enjoyed having four crammed
inside of you
i'll see you next time so take care